Hello friends, welcome once again to Stock Market Studies.
Today,
I will talk about a giant finance and
insurance company. This company belongs to the
ICICI Group,
meaning its parent
organization is ICICI Bank,
a giant within the ICICI Group,
and it also has a subsidiary of the IIC Group, ICI Lombard.
Today,
I will talk about IIC Lombard. The
company recently released its
quarterly results. The
company has made a major
announcement here and has
also posted impressive results. I will
talk about that. I will discuss how the company delivered its
results and
how the company is going to perform in the future. So,
watch the full video. If you have
n't subscribed to this channel yet, please do so.
If you
want daily stock market information and updates, stay tuned to this channel. So, let's
look at today's stock.
First, I would like to
go over the company's chart pattern.
The chart pattern of ICI, which is
Lambda General Insurance, is
an insurance company. If seen,
LIC will perform well in the market until the prices do not fall.
When LIC enters the market, it will capture the
market well. So, according to
me, such Lambda companies are
not small companies. If seen, the
company is a large cap company because
its market cap is more than Rs 63,000 crore. So,
you can obviously have confidence in this company. Look at the
results of the company, you can know from the chart pattern itself how the
results of the company were.
Look at the chart pattern, today a
decline of about 6%
means that the stock must have had some bad results,
otherwise there would not have been a decline in this manner. So, how bad has it been? How much has the
company's results been negatively
impacted here. I will talk about that only. So, let me
tell you all the details one by one here. So keep
watching the video completely, only then all the details will become
clear to you. So, first of all, about the company.
I will show you the entire chart pattern once.
Look, the market
opened with a gap down today and
look here, there has been a
fall of around 6 points here and if I open the chart pattern of one month, then
in one month the company
was obviously in positive, so
see how positive it was, more than 5 points, but
if there were no losses today, then the company would have
given you positive returns of more than 10 points
within a month. If you look at it in six months, then in
six months the
company has given you losses of around 11 to 12 points here.
So if I open the chart pattern of one year, then
in one year it has given you a
negative return of around 45 points and if you look at it in 5 years, then
in 5 years
the company has given you a return of around 93 points. So if you look at
its return ratio, it
is obviously positive because
see, if you talk about short term, then
anything can happen in short term,
many companies do so in short term.  A
decline of around 30 to 40 to 50 was
seen, so if you open the maximum chart here, the
company has
given you a return of up to 93, so see, its
return ratio is
not bad at all, it is a good return ratio,
now let's see about the details of the company, so
before that, how did the company perform its
results, due to which if we
look at it approximately today, then overall a
decline of more than 6 percent is seen, so
first of all I will take you here to today's
result, so
look at the result here, let me
tell you that you have to see the figure here, whether it is
in millions or crores, whatever the
data is, you just look at the figure here, so you
can see here, total
income means the total income of the company after
selling all the insurances and collecting the premium, if I
talk about it, then the company has earned a total income of around
4636 34, so in this figure the company has earned a
good income, so how much was it in the last quarter
3854 was 34800 in the previous years,
this means that there was a jump
in both the year and the quarter.
Now let's see the
total expenses of the company, so look at the total income, it was
quite good here, so if I
talk about the total expenses, then look at the total expenses of the company,
I found that the expenses of the company were a little higher
because see, the company
spent a total figure of 362 676 here, which
was 358 in the last quarter
and 270000 in the previous years,
this means that if we look at the expenses of the company, then it has been
seen to be quite high here, so
look here, the company had to
pay the total taxes of the company
and after paying the total taxes, here the
profit after taxes came in the hands of the company,
so if I talk about the company profit after taxes, then
after paying all the taxes, see the profit that came in the hands of the company,
3125 and how much was it in the last quarter
31700 and in the previous year it was
34500, this means that the company's profit decreased on year to year
basis and on
quarter to quarter basis as well,
so it means that the
profit made by the company is totally negative,
negative means the profit ratio of the company is
down, so due to this today the
stock is seeing a decline of up to 6, so if we
look at the results of the company, then the
profit earning of the company has
reduced a lot because see the EPS of the company i.e.
earnings per share itself is telling
that the result of the company is slightly negative,
negative means there was no loss,
still see the profit earning of the company has
reduced in comparison to the last quarter and previous years because if you see,
in the last quarter the company's
earning ratio was 6.47, now
in this quarter it is 6.37 and
in the previous years it was 7.61, so this means the
earning ratio of the company has moved with some
ups and downs, so  Now let's
look at the rest of the parameters of the company. If
you look at the rest of the parameters here, then
how much premium did the company earn? The
net premium earning,
see how much growth happened in it. It was 18546
in the last quarter,
18456 in the previous years, 12500. This means that the
earnings of premium
obviously grew. So, according to the
investment made by the company, the earnings of the company
decreased, which was
very high in the last quarter in the previous years. So,
you will get to see some ups and down data. So,
look at the total income, it is 600.66 and in the last quarter it was
849 and in the previous years it was 455. So some
data is positive, some data is negative. So, if
you calculate all this data together and
see, then the result of the company is that a
little negative issue is
still seen here. So, should an
investment be made in this company now, then
before that you should get detailed information about the company. So
let me talk about that as
well. So first of all, see
64000 Here, if I talk
about the company ICICI Lombard, then the
total market cap of the company is 647 crores. It is a large
cap company. The company's P Ratio is 50, which means the
P Ratio is very high. However, if
its P
Ratio is low as per the industry peers, then this is considered a positive sign.
If the P Ratio of any company is low as per the industry peers, then the
annual income of the company is around 1200
crores. And look at this company,
being a financial company, the depth of the company is the
lowest, which means you can call this company depth free
because its depth is
485 crores, which
means you can consider this company depth free.
And the thing that I liked the most about this company is the
company
's earnings per share, which is very good. Also,
look at the free cash flow in the hands of the company, the
total cash flow is 61695 crores.  So
obviously you will see every data of the company in positive,
yes some data is obviously negative as well
like working capital days is in negative,
so see not every data is positive,
some data will be negative as well, so
look at the company, we belong to the insurance sector,
right now LIC has
not entered the market, so out of all the LS companies,
HDFC Life Insurance is
at number one position, followed by
SBI Life Insurance, followed by
IIT Potential, after that
look at ISI Lumbed, ISI Lumbed is a
company of ISI Group, so
you should definitely focus on this company
because the company is tremendous, I am
telling you again and again because if
you look at its parameters,
you will see every parameter to be positive and quite good
and one thing I will definitely say about this company is the
profit ratio of the company, the company maintained excellent profit in every quarter, never made
profit, never made loss, yes when the
company started earlier, that means
in the starting period the company was incurring loss and
see the rest, all the rest means the year
on year basis results  It is in positive
and it was seen to be quite good, so let's
see what is the return of the company,
see the return that the company gave you was
negligible because see the
company gave up to 9 percent return in 3 years,
about 2 percent return in one year, that is, the
return given by the company was not that special here, so
what extra
benefit did you get from this company, see,
you got only dividend in a year, see
in 2021 itself the company gave dividend thrice
but earlier the company did not give you dividend even once
and the investors on this company, that is, if I
talk about all the investors, then the investors
kept investing very positively on this company, if you see then only KF has holding at 26.8
and the
promoter has holding at 48 and DS has holding
at 13 and the public has
holding at 11, this means most of the
investors want to keep investing aggressively on this company,
see the company
is very positive, belongs to the insurance sector, the
tent of the company is
totally up  According to me,
you should obviously hold on to this type of company for the long term,
otherwise you should
start it once, after that if you feel that you should
invest in this company then you can
invest, so I hope
you have got all the information, if you like my video then like it,
share it with friends and also subscribe to the channel, we will get
new stock, till then
stay well, take care of yourself, bye bye